Goya Pty Ltd
PO Box 327, Mt Waverley, VIC, 3149 Australia
http://www.goya.com.au/baseelements
Ph: +614 2575 8280

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND WARRANTY.

Goya Pty Ltd (hereinafter "the Licensor"), offers license to install, use and
distribute the enclosed software only in accordance with the terms set out in
this license agreement. If you do not agree to the terms as set out herein, you
should delete all copies promptly, and contact Goya Pty Ltd to request a refund.

1. Ownership of the Software: The Licensed Goya software (hereinafter "the
Software") and the components, incorporated intellectual property and
accompanying written materials are owned by the Licensor and are protected by
Australian and International copyright laws. You own the media on which the
Software is recorded, but the Licensor retains ownership of the Software itself.

2. In downloading, using, copying or distributing unregistered or ‘demo’ copies
of the Software, you agree to be bound by all laws, regulations or requirements
of countries, provinces or jurisdictions in which you import, use or re-export
the Software, as well as all restrictions which apply to registered users as set
out below.

3. Grant of License to use the Software: You are entitled to install, register
and/or use the Software on one computer at a time for each current license
registration you have purchased. You are entitled to make back-up copies of the
Software and any data it contains.

4. XSLT Files: The Licensor grants you a nonexclusive, nontransferable license,
subject to the restrictions in this License, to use, copy and modify the XSLT
Files for your own internal use, for as long as your licence to the Software is
valid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not distribute all or a portion of
the XSLT Files for use by others at any time. You can not also use the XSLT
Files to develop other software programs other than for your own use. This
licence expires at the end of the demo period or, for a full licence copy, when
this licence expires. The XSLT files remain under the copyright of Goya Pty Ltd
at all times.

5. Restrictions on Use: You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble
the Software, except and only to the extent expressly permitted by applicable
law. You may not modify, adapt, translate, rent, lease, loan or create
derivative works based upon the software or any part thereof.

6. Transfer: You may not transfer or assign your rights under this licence to
another party without the Licensor’s written consent.

7. Licensor warrants that the Software will perform substantially in accordance
with the accompanying written materials for a period of 120 days from the date
of your receipt of the Software. Licensor disclaims all other warranties, either
express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, with
respect to the software and the accompanying written materials. This limited
warranty gives you specific legal rights.

8. Jurisdiction: Licensor's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be,
at Licensor's choice, either (a) return of the price paid or (b) replacement of
the software that does not meet Licensor's limited warranty and which is
returned to the Licensor with a copy of your receipt. Any replacement Software
will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or 30 days,
whichever is longer.

9. This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the Software has resulted from
modification, accident, abuse, or misapplication.

10. In no event will Licensor be liable to you for damages, including any loss
of profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential damages arising
out of your use or inability to use the software. Because some jurisdictions do
not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

11. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Victoria, Australia.
If you have any questions concerning this Agreement or wish to contact the
Licensor for any reason, please write to: PO Box 327, Mt Waverley, VIC, 3149
Australia.
